---
published: true
title: Your Responsive Theme Contact Us page
layout: post
---
Your contact page is one of the most important pages on your site and shouldn’t even be relegated to one page. With a responsive theme contact us pages or information are easy to liberally sprinkle around without breaking anything.\n\nSo many people, when making their website, forget the very fundamental question of what they want the customer to be doing. Yes you can show of all your products… but then what? What do you want your customer to actually do?\n\n“Contact us” could just as easily mean “find us” or “visit us” or whatever is appropriate for your business. Some means of contact is always good though.\n\nSo for a lot of people the answer to that is to make some form of contact. The next step is…\n\nMake it really easy for customers to contact you\n\nShow your phone number.\n\nShow your email address. (The spam will be worth it.)\n\nShow your social media accounts.\n\nGive them a message box or form to fill in.\n\nYes, all of them. And more than once. All the time.\n\nYou can subtly hint at what method would be best. If you want phone calls make your phone number biggest and first. Emails, the same method. But do give the range as customers are going to have their own preferences that even with the best suggestion and hinting you can do nothing about.\n\nHave all these things on every page. But also have a dedicated contact page because some people will just go straight in looking for it. Google might even display a direct link to your contact page on the search results. So have one.\n\nHow does this tie in with responsive themes? Well a responsive theme contact us box or page can always be easily seen. It adapts to the screen size your customer is using so they don’t have to go scrolling about sideways. The relative sizes you have set will stay the same. And any forms or boxes won’t go disappearing off their screen only to be abandoned in frustration.\n\nGot any handy tips? Leave them in the comments.\n\nThe post Your Responsive Theme Contact Us page appeared first on Get Responsive Themes.\n\nfrom Get Responsive Themes http://ift.tt/21D8DO1