---
published: true
title: Page builder plugins explained
layout: post
---
Flexible, professional website layouts are now in the hands of everyone with page builders.\n\nPage builders are plugins on WordPress that give you incredible amounts of control. Used on pages or posts they are an addition to your theme to wring every last little bit of functionality out of your website. They sit in the regular WordPress editor window and give you presets, templates and additional layouts – all in an easy “drag and drop” presentation. Intuitive and fast, creating exactly the layout you need. Complete customization in editing your page.\n\nSome themes will even come with page builder plugins built in for the ultimate in customisation, such as in the recently reviewed Bridge responsive theme.\n\n \n\nWhat can you do with page builders?\n\nHonestly, pretty much anything. There might be some examples when you need some custom code but I’ve yet to come across any idea that can’t be nicely implemented with a page builder. And you don’t even have to write any code! Some even have live editors so you can drag and drop in real time.\n\nWhat are some of the top page builders?\n\nThese three top picks are of course all fully responsive.\n\nPage Builder by Site Origin is free but the free functionality is massive and rivals the others. It sticks closest to the WordPress existing widgets and codes so is easy to get to grips with and lighter on your pages.\n\nWPBakery’s Visual Composer comes with some Theme Forest premium themes as an integrated page builder. It’s a very reasonable $34 considering it is the biggest and most widely used page builder around. You can have a play with it on the site before you buy.\n\nAlso popular is Beaver Builder which has a free “lite” version and a premium upgrade at $99. The free version has been downloaded over 250,000 times on WordPress.\n\nSo check them out and see how you can simplify building your pages for a professional look with flexibility and complete ease.\n\nKnow another great page builder? Let us know in the comments!\n\nThe post Page builder plugins explained appeared first on Get Responsive Themes.\n\nfrom Get Responsive Themes http://ift.tt/1XpIJMo