---
published: true
title: Responsive theme options
layout: post
---
What sorts of options do responsive themes have? What are the responsive theme options you should be looking for?\n\nYou want your theme to be completely customizable to your design and your branding\n\nSo some important factors are typography and colors and these should be absolute basics on your responsive theme options shopping list.\n\nAvoid restrictive color palettes – look for themes with unlimited colors. It’s not hard for developers to do this. You don’t want themes that offer “six different color designs” because at best you are going to end up with the same colors as one sixth of the other people using the theme. At worst it will be more like a quarter because two of the colors will be pink and brown and no-one is going to be using them. So look for unlimited colors.\n\nSave yourself time and hassle and look for a theme that supports Google Fonts. Otherwise you are going to be using whatever generic presets the theme comes with or spending ages finding, downloading and installing webfont kits. Which is no fun. Google Fonts, on the other hand, has a free expanding collection of over 600 fonts all ready for the web. And if your theme supports it then it’s as simple as choosing Verdana from a dropdown list in your theme options. But much cooler. So, Google Fonts is a must.\n\nGet all the latest bells and whistles for your theme\n\nAll the little badges and buttons you see on websites nowadays aren’t just gimmicks. People respond to them. They work, that is why they are there. So don’t get left behind.\n\nAvoid the hassle of choosing and installing a shortcode plugin by picking a theme that has them built in. Shortcodes are a super easy way to add interesting features to your posts and pages. Callout boxes, buttons, highlights, columns and tabs. All as simple as choosing them from a list in the editor and having your theme drop them in. It’s a very human-friendly (and short) code. So look for shortcodes in your theme options.\n\nFont Awesome is the leading collection of icons. Shortcodes in themselves they give you some fun icons to identify and draw attention to your content. Again, you could install the plugin yourself. Or you could look for a theme that supports such icons inbuilt. Because the icons are vectors they are also completely responsive. Font Awesome comes bundled with lots of themes so should be with yours too.\n\nLet your theme take on some of the bigger structural issues of your site like page builders and galleries\n\n \n\nIf you want even more customization and control but none of the hassle of setting up and maintaining a whole bunch of addons then look for responsive theme options that incorporate galleries and page builders.\n\nSetting up a gallery on your site is important for lots of business websites but can also be a real pain. There are some great gallery plugins out there but you will still have to go about configuring and testing them to get them blending into your site. Unless you get a theme with a great gallery already. Then all the customization you do on the theme is reflected automatically and you don’t have to do it all over again. So if images are important look for themes with a gallery.\n\nIf you want to dig even deeper into the design and layout of individual pages what you need is a page builder plugin. A powerful bit of kit and the last thing you want is it running into trouble with your theme. Or just general confusion – is it the page builder or theme that controls this or that particular element? Many premium themes now come with page builders and have been designed with that functionality in mind.\n\nSo those are some of the responsive theme options you are likely to come across and what you should be considering for each one. Have a look at some theme reviews if you need any recommendations.\n\nThe post Responsive theme options appeared first on Get Responsive Themes.\n\nfrom Get Responsive Themes http://ift.tt/1LOgciY