---
published: true
title: Get responsive themes or not?
layout: post
---
If whether or not to get responsive themes is a question you’ve been asking yourself, read on…\n\nWhat are your other options? You can have Google penalise your search ranking and customers frustrated by a badly displaying site. They will be off to your competitors in a shot.\n\nYou might be tempted by a quick fix to fill in the gaps. There are plugins that offer to convert your site to be mobile friendly. They are not going to do the same job as actual responsive themes though. Their one size fits all approach is not necessarily going to fit you. It’s a jack of all trades issue.\n\nPlugins are going to render your site how they want to – possibly missing important parts of your design and branding. And the result will be very similar to all the other sites also using that plugin.\n\nResponsive themes are the full package however. It’s the whole site but at whatever size your customer needs. It’s not forced to show up on a mobile differently, it just naturally adapts. Unlike a plugin.\n\nWhat happens when your customer is sat at home trying to look at your website on their 50 inch smart TV? A mobile-friendly plugin isn’t going to help you then. With responsive themes, however, your website design scales up as well as down.\n\nCruising along with your old website might seem like the best idea. All this talk is just too overwhelming and sounds like too much hard work, right? It doesn’t have to be hard work or overwhelming. And if you have a good hard think about the state of your current website and its performance you will probably come up with a few points you aren’t happy with and that could be doing better.\n\nWhether you want to be higher up the search engine rankings or converting more visitors into customer it is something responsive themes will definitely help you achieve.\n\nThe post Get responsive themes or not? appeared first on Get Responsive Themes.\n\nfrom Get Responsive Themes http://ift.tt/1Lsl2SU