---
published: true
title: Are Weebly themes responsive?
layout: post
---
Weebly is a fantastic little blogging platform. An inbuilt drag and drop layout editor and lots of nice additions lets you craft a beautiful and highly customised site. But are Weebly themes responsive?\n\nThe short answer: yes. But don’t stop reading yet! We’ve got the lowdown on Weebly, the best themes, and more.\n\nWeebly burst onto the scene in 2007 aiming to simplify building websites and now has over thirty million sites on its system. Those websites can be blogs, ecommerce, portfolios or all of the above. The interface allows for an easy switch and encourages users to add a blog alongside their shop, or a shop alongside their site.\n\nThere is a basic free plan where you use a Weebly address and have various account limits. It really shines on the paid plans where the full functionality is unleashed.\n\nResponsive themes on Weebly\n\nA while ago Weebly switched over to all their new themes being responsive themes and very nice themes they are too. You can view them all at the theme gallery.\n\nLet’s meet some of the top picks for Weebly responsive themes.\n\nDusk is a great business theme with huge images to show of your products or services and a strong call to action, as shown in the demo of a restaurant site below. As well as the business template there is one for events and that flexible will really steal the show.\n\nThe ecommerce Saucy theme puts your products front and centre with as much detail as you want in a highly customizable storefront theme.\n\nSlick is a modern design that looks just as good on the big screen as the small. Strong images and a simple, subtle design would make a great portfolio site.\n\nSo there we have a little exploration of what Weebly has to offer. Have you got a Weebly site? Any tips or comments? Let everyone know below.\n\nThe post Are Weebly themes responsive? appeared first on Get Responsive Themes.\n\nfrom Get Responsive Themes http://ift.tt/1pK2D9Z