---
published: true
title: The Best One Page Responsive Themes
layout: post
---
Disclosure: This post contains affiliate links. Get Responsive Themes receives payment from the company advertised and reviewed here. This does not affect the opinions expressed but does help cover costs.\n\nWhat if you just don’t have that much content on your website? What if your business really requires people call you, rather than book or buy online? If you just want a map and some contact info? Or you are just testing the waters and don’t want to dive in with a full website?\n\nWell then, you are in luck. One page responsive themes have never been better or more plentiful than they are now.\n\nAs the name suggests, they are for one page websites. Everything the customers needs right there on one page. Even bigger websites could do with having all their main information easily found on the homepage.\n\nIf it is at all relevant make sure your one page website tells the customer:\n\nYour features, products, offerings or whatever\n\nYour contact details – an address, phone number, map\n\nTestimonials, so at least a quote or two from happy customers\n\nWhat you want the customer to do next\n\nThat last point is always important for any business, any website. Tell people what they should do next. A call to action, nice and clear and unapologetic.\n\nMany responsive themes include Google Maps integration and contact forms. Look for ones that display proper Schema markup to appease Google. Get your Google Business or Places information hooked up. There are plugins to display Yell, Yelp and other directories ratings and reviews. Use them! You are getting as much information onto that one page as possible but in a way that is useful to your customer, not overwhelming.\n\nSo, with that overview…\n\nWhat are the best one page responsive themes?\n\nAny theme can be used for a single page site but here are some that excel on the topic and are specially crafted to incorporate everything you need.\n\nImaginatively called OnePage this is a fully featured single page theme by MyThemeShop. Perfect for business and comes ready for Schema, Google Maps and all the useful plugins for fleshing out your page. Big pictures and bold statements are the order of the day here – all fully responsive, mobile-friendly and fast.\n\nOnePress is a free one page WordPress theme available through the theme installer and you can preview it here. Responsive and with all the mod cons it’s worth checking out.\n\nThere’s a review in the works for Bridge – a fantastically flexible theme that has several single page layouts and options. A real draw with Bridge is the incredible selection of templates for you to choose from within the theme itself. There’s something for everything and you can be up and running in no time with the drag and drop page builder. An advantage of a theme that has one page options as opposed to only offering one page is that when you are ready to add a few more pages your theme is too.\n\nFlip is a whole lot of fun. I mean, it flips. Check out the demo to see the potential of this unique theme. That could soon be your new unique site.\n\nI’ve recommended Zerif Lite before and now here is a shoutout to Zerif Pro, the premium big sibling. Both can create nice one page sites.\n\nA few more honorable mentions… Attractor uses parallax scrolling to make the images just as much of an event as the information. Momentum has one page responsive themes built for Joomla or Drupal, as well as WordPress.\n\nDo one page responsive themes appeal to you? Do you use a good one that you would recommend? Leave a comment below!\n\nThe post The Best One Page Responsive Themes appeared first on Get Responsive Themes.\n\nfrom Get Responsive Themes http://ift.tt/1M8E8Zd