---
published: true
title: Get a responsive theme Google Map
layout: post
---
If you want a matching responsive theme Google Map to display on your site then have a look at these options.\n\nAnd you should want one – showing a map is so useful to your visitors. It adds some interactivity and means the visitor doesn’t need to leave your site in order to get directions or check out the area. That’s one less hurdle for them to jump over and you are providing all the information they need.\n\nSo what are your options for a responsive theme and Google Map? There are a few great plugins to help stick a map on your site.\n\nThe pick of the bunch has got to be Maps Builder. So easy to use with lightweight code that fits nicely onto any website. You can build your maps in the live view and instantly see your updates. It’s a robust plugin, integrates well with others and won’t be throwing any errors to disrupt you or your visitors. The responsive design won’t break your site either.\n\nWP Google Maps has over 200,000 installs on WordPress right now. Quickly create maps, use Google Street View, with different theme styles. Leaflet Maps Marker covers not only Google Maps but Bing and Open Street Map as well.\n\nSome more honorable mentions go out to\n\nWP Google Map Plugin\n\nGoogle Maps Widget\n\nComprehensive Google Map Plugin\n\nSo there’s some great options to have a look at. Read on for some other plugins you might find handy.\n\nCheck out these plugins to go with your responsive theme and Google Map\n\nDon’t underestimate how much potential customers love hearing from other people like them. You can talk about your business until the cows come home but nothing beats a review from another customer. And they are already leaving them elsewhere – you just have to go get. These plugins make it easy to find and display your reviews on your site to boost customer confidence and provide that all important social proof.\n\nGoogle Places Reviews pulls reviews from – you guessed it – Google Places. It’s so easy to use and to customize to the design of your site. There are different styles already made for you and each comes in light or dark colors to blend into your theme.\n\nAnother massively popular review site and great source for user content is Yelp, and Yelp Widget pulls those reviews and displays them on your page. You’re bound to have reviews you can use on either site.\n\nAnother very useful plugin is Business Profile. It also shows a map for directions to your business, as well as contact details and opening hours. Even better, it uses Schema markup, which helps Google find that information easily.\n\nGot any suggestions for a responsive theme Google Map? Leave a comment!\n\nThe post Get a responsive theme Google Map appeared first on Get Responsive Themes.\n\nfrom Get Responsive Themes http://ift.tt/1VRfjbZ